Logline:
After being defeated, the Demon Lord is reborn as the frail, adorable daughter of his two greatest enemies—the Hero King and the Saint Queen—and must survive a doting family, nosy ex-allies, and his own evil instincts while stuck in a body that can barely cast a light spell.

Genre: Comedy Fantasy Misunderstanding Body Swap
Tone: mc is teenager

1. The World
fantasy with

2. Main Characters
[Protagonist] Lily Bakersville: Is actually demon lord baal
- Mira Bakersville: Queen of Bakersville Kingdom, Light magic user — awareness: suspects
- Hiro Bakersville: King Of Bakersville Kingdom, A "Golden Retreiver" type of dad — awareness: unaware
Minor / supporting characters: generate as needed from the above.

3. High-Level Outline (Arcs)
Arc 1: setup
baal is a demon lord, hes just taken the job from her old man defeated and after being rejected from the world because "the world needs balance between light and darrk" reincarnates to the daughter of his killers.
at first hes disgusted but cant do much, after a lot of tought decided lets play it out since he/shes need this body to develop first. but her mom keep sussing her out because shes not behaving the way a kid should be. herrr dad is just loving her nonstop.
kingdom spy is horrified by lily and keep getting mocked by lily in unique ways.
spy is vengeful but has to respect the princess.
spy is sure lily is not what it seems

Arc 2: nobody
new friends to keep in the dark
need to converge strength. 
fool everyone by playing cute while keeping a stash of forbidden books.
magic research gone wwrong got busted, but they misunderstand and tought shes a prodigy.
spy is losing his mind.
spy staright uppp tells king and queen that her daughter is something else.
spy get joked by king queen.
old suboordinates meddling with his new life kidnaps her
old subordinates trying to sacrifice her to revive demon lord

Arc 3: endgame
her new friends team up with her over powered parents to find lily.
lily getting inpatient thinking she just kill the kidnapper her self.
party go to dungeon tryna safe lily.
lily decided to try out spawn magic. get output wwrong and its backfires, spawn very dangerous.
party fight this spawwn.
lily fakes tear and get saved.
lily thinking they are all stupid and can easily ccrush them all. but that plan can wait. after the banquet (comedy)

Additional freeform notes (author attach — not a replacement for the fields above):
mc must be lively with teenager vigor and "interest" since her old form is a man
